docs: Added `prerender` to `nuxi build` command (#5112)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/3.api/5.commands/build.md

Option        | Default          | Description
-------------------------|-----------------|------------------
`rootDir` | `.` | The root directory of the application to bundle.

> `prerender` | `false` | Pre-render every route of your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prerender` | `false` | Pre-render every route of your application.
```

> `prerender` | `false` | Pre-render every route of your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`prerender` | `false` | Pre-render every route of your application. (unstable)
```

> `prerender` | `false` | Pre-render every route of your application. (**note:** This is a testing flag. The behavior might be changed!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`prerender` | `false` | Pre-render every route of your application. (**note:** This is an experimental flag. The behavior might be changed.)
```
